The title logo is a suggestively upright bowling pin flanked 
by a pair of  bowling balls.   The  bending bass sound turns  
into the lead-in to Kenny Rogers and the First Edition's  
"Just Dropped In."

The Dude is walking down a long corridor dressed as a cable 
repairman.  The Dude's face is washed with a brilliant light 
as the corridor opens onto a gleaming bowling alley.

In the center of the alley stands Maude Lebowski, singing 
operatic harmony to the Kenny Rogers song.  She wears an 
armored breastplate and Norse headgear, has braided pigtails, 
and holds a trident.

The Dude stands behind her and, pressed up against her, helps 
her with her follow-through as she releases a bowling ball.

The lane is straddled by a line of chorines in spangly mini- 
skirts, their arms akimbo, Busby-Berkley style, their legs 
turning the lane into a tunnel leading to the pins at the 
end.

But it is no longer a bowling ball rolling between their 
legs--it is the Dude himself, levitating inches off the lane, 
the tools from his utility belt swinging free.  He is face 
down, his arms, torpedolike, pressed against his sides.

His point of view shows the lane rushing by below, the little 
ball-guide arrows zipping by.

The Dude twists his body around, performing a barrel-roll so 
that he is now gliding along the lane face-up.

Now his point of view looks up the dresses of the passing 
chorines.

The Dude smiles dreamily and does a backstroke motion so 
that he is once again gliding face-down.  He looks forward 
and his forward momentum blows back his hair.

Coming at us, as we go through the last few pairs of legs, 
are the approaching pins.  We hit the pins, scattering them,  
and rush on into black.

A body drops down into the blackness in slow motion--a topless 
woman, squealing, her legs kicking.

As she drops out of frame, leaving blackness again, three 
men are entering from the background, emerging into a pool 
of light.  It is the Germans, advancing ominously, wielding 
oversized shears which they menacingly scissor.

The Dude, now standing in a field of black, reacts to the 
advancing Germans.  He turns and runs, fists pumping.

The scissoring sound of the shears turns into the whoosh of 
car-bys.  The field of black is punctured by headlights.  
The Dude is running blearily down the middle of the Pacific 
Coast Highway. Cars rush by on either side, horns blaring.
